README.md, before:

## Sources
- https://hdr.undp.org/data-center/documentation-and-downloads
- https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/iamsouravbanerjee/world-population-dataset

## TODO
- https://www.macrotrends.net/countries/AFG/afghanistan/gdp-gross-domestic-product

## Fields
- `country`: Country name
- `iso3`: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-3
- `year`: Year from 1990 to 2021

- `population`: Approximate population (linear extrapolation between 2000, 2010, 2020 and 2022 years)
- `hdi`: Human Development Index
- `le`: Life expectancy at birth
- `eys`: Expected years of schooling (for the future)
- `mys`: Mean years of schooling
- `gnipc`: Gross National Income per Capita

- `gdi`: Gender Development Index
- `hdi_*`: Human Development Index for male/female
- `le_*`: Life expectancy at birth for male/female
- `eys_*`: Expected years of schooling for male/female
- `mys_*`: Mean years of schooling for male/female
- `gnipc_*`: Gross National Income per Capita for male/female

- `gii`: Gender Inequality Index
- `mmr`: Maternal Mortality Ratio (deaths per 100k live births)
- `abr`: Adolescent Birth Rate (births per 1000 women 15-19)
- `se_*`: Population with at least some secondary education, male/female (% ages 25 and older)
- `pr_*`: Share of seats in parliament, male/female (%)
- `lfpr_*`: Labor force participation rate, male/female (% ages 15 and older)

- `phdi`: Planetary pressures-adjusted Human Development Index
- `diff_phdi`: Difference from HDI value
- `co2_prod`: CO2 production (tonnes)
- `mf`: Material footprint per capita (tonnes)

Commit message:

Terrorism, army, area and birth rate

README.md, after:

## Sources
- https://hdr.undp.org/data-center/documentation-and-downloads
- https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/iamsouravbanerjee/world-population-dataset
- https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/rafsunahmad/terrorist-attacks-data-since-1970-2023/data
- https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/nelgiriyewithana/countries-of-the-world-2023

## TODO
- https://www.macrotrends.net/countries/AFG/afghanistan/gdp-gross-domestic-product

## Fields
- `country`: Country name
- `iso3`: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-3
- `year`: Year from 1990 to 2021

- `population`: Approximate population (linear extrapolation between 2000, 2010, 2020 and 2022 years)
- `gdp`: Gross domestic product
- `terrorism_deaths`: Number of people killed by terrorism
- `army`: Army size in 2023
- `area`: Country area in square kilometers
- `birth_rate`: Number of births per 1000 population in a given year

- `hdi`: Human Development Index
- `le`: Life expectancy at birth
- `eys`: Expected years of schooling (for the future)
- `mys`: Mean years of schooling
- `gnipc`: Gross National Income per Capita

- `gdi`: Gender Development Index
- `hdi_*`: Human Development Index for male/female
- `le_*`: Life expectancy at birth for male/female
- `eys_*`: Expected years of schooling for male/female
- `mys_*`: Mean years of schooling for male/female
- `gnipc_*`: Gross National Income per Capita for male/female

- `gii`: Gender Inequality Index
- `mmr`: Maternal Mortality Ratio (deaths per 100k live births)
- `abr`: Adolescent Birth Rate (births per 1000 women 15-19)
- `se_*`: Population with at least some secondary education, male/female (% ages 25 and older)
- `pr_*`: Share of seats in parliament, male/female (%)
- `lfpr_*`: Labor force participation rate, male/female (% ages 15 and older)

- `phdi`: Planetary pressures-adjusted Human Development Index
- `diff_phdi`: Difference from HDI value
- `co2_prod`: CO2 production (tonnes)
- `mf`: Material footprint per capita (tonnes)
